So next,
we have two other managed services that you can leverage on AWS, and
those are Amazon ElastiCache and Amazon Redshift.
So ElastiCache is a fully managed, in‑memory datastore,
and it actually has two different engines that are supported, both
Memcached and Redis, which are really the two most popular options you
could choose within in‑memory datastores.
It provides extremely low latency in terms of response times,
and you can include things like scaling and read
replicas to meet your application demand.
And again,
you can do this without having to be able to manage
that underlying infrastructure.
It handles most common use cases, including things like database layer caching.
So if you're working with another database,
even something like DynamoDB, and you want to add a cache layer
in between your application and the database,
ElastiCache could help fill that need, and even session storage.
So if you're working with a web application that is doing sessions storage,
you can utilize ElastiCache with something like Redis to be
able to get quick responses on session data.
Next, you need to be familiar with Amazon Redshift.
It is Amazon's born‑in‑the‑cloud scalable data warehouse service.
So if you're looking to do data warehousing for your user
behavior data or for your analytics data,
Amazon Redshift becomes a great choice.
It supports petabyte scale,
and in addition it also leverages high‑performance disks and column storage.
So this gives you the ability to beat out many traditional
data warehousing solutions because, again,
this was designed with the cloud in mind.
It does give you the ability to fully encrypt the
contents of your data warehouse,
and it does give you a level of isolation within your own virtual private cloud.
Now there are some great features that have been added to Amazon Redshift,
including Redshift Spectrum,
and this gives you the ability to query exabytes of data directly within Amazon S3.